it's Ruby sorry that I'm whispering not
Leah's mom
it's got me for 13 and I didn't manage
to sleep last night I'm quite tired I
was lying awake all night and then it
got like 4:30 a.m. I thought this was
actually a reasonable trying to get up
and I didn't want to just lie there
anymore say I'd waken up I'm just gonna
read in bed for a little bit until 5:00
yeah though I turn this into a day in my
life well I don't get any sleep which
doesn't usually happen
[Music]
I decided to read in bed for maybe
around 45 minutes and I was reading the
third book in the miss Peregrine's
series which is library of souls I love
this book it is fantastic and I'm also
really enjoying reading in bed in the
mornings so after having a shower
including a cold shower just to wake
myself up I got on with some work so I
saw stuff by doing some university work
just for 25 minutes I was working on a
practice revision essay in preparation
for my exams
[Music]
then they went to got myself some
breakfast I got myself some porridge and
I topped it off with loads and loads of
toppings including almond butter okay
[Music]
it's half 6:00 now and I am going to
work on this extension a say I'm writing
which is nothing to do at the University
I'm because I just kept working on this
because it's really good fun and I love
researching things that I never ever did
I've also got myself a mammoth bull
porridge because I am so hungry this
morning I don't know if it's just
because I stayed up all night I was like
using more energy yes then I just ate my
breakfast and I went through and did
lots of work on this extension essay
which I'm really enjoying
okay it's good to nine and I've been
walking on this for over two hours now
and it's really good fun I'm really
enjoying doing this research I've
written my introduction my first
paragraph plan
two more paragraphs and loads of
research and basically just had a really
productive morning I'm starting to get a
little bit tired not even a little bit
I'm very tired my eye isn't nearly
closing but thankfully this work is
interesting so I think I'm gonna take a
break I might even watch a few YouTube
videos which might never usually do this
early in the morning but I might which
few videos and do some reading
so I'm start working on my bed i sat
down with the intention of watching a
YouTube video and then I got distracted
by a side note a side door as like hey I
haven't considered this way of looking
at it before so then I ended up doing
label research and what was supposed to
be sometimes felt on YouTube turned into
me just spending more time on this but
I'm cozy and in bed and lying across
here and a beautiful sky I can see
through my windows so bad so I sat down
on my bed and did some more research for
that essay as you can see there coffee -
I fell asleep I close my eyes laid down
and I just fell asleep
I've never done that before but it's
quite amusing to watch the clip back oh
my goodness I never mean to do that I
just had like a 25 minute nap I didn't
get the exact time that she went to
sleep that half of me just wants to
actually go to sleep but we'll say it's
the morning and I like morning so I'm
not gonna do that
yesterday it was actually pretty cold
and I hope that today it's not cold it's
been superwoman the Eukarya smoothie and
we've got blue skies but it's freezing
today and it was really cold yesterday -
it's like down to five or six degrees
and say I am pretty chilly and I'm
wearing a jumper and a Kate and the
scarf and a hat but I've still got my
side to read because I needed some fresh
air to wake myself up so I'm just gonna
read the last chapter of library of
souls it's 10:00 to 11:00 and I have
just finished library of souls this is
the final book I've got in this series I
believe that there are five in this
series but I've only got three because I
got the series of 2016 I believe that I
need three out when I got them I've got
so many books at the moment
I didn't want to buy anymore but no I
finished that series i desperate to get
the next here in the series and also the
tales of the peculiar because that is a
book that they sell and I am just
bothering to read it say I'm actually
quite tempted to place the order today
even though I don't want to
[Music]
[Applause]
I also played outside but later for a
little bit after finishing my book I
just been doing some research research
to find the best place for me to buy the
rest of this series because I am so
excited to read more of them I don't I
can wait and I do have so many books
like this is actually dangerous all of
these books
that's my TBR pile so I'm not running
short of material to read but equally
and I feel like this is something all
but qualms can relate to you once you
fixate your mind on a book it's all you
want to read like I am just so excited
to read this book but I just found a
really good deal so I'm not sure if
you've ever heard of this place before
it's called scholastic they mainly work
to provide books for like schools they
have really good deals 27 pounds and I'm
getting the whole of the his dog
material series two books in miss
Peregrine's and all said this book
cookie song which I wanted to read you
can earn free books for a school or you
can donate to the Scholastic charity
school this is just the most amazing
place to buy books and it's super
affordable
so this is my chai latte recipe I just
take a chai tea bag and I will put it in
about half the mugs worth of boiling hot
water then I add a teaspoon of maple
syrup mix it around and top it off with
half a mug of oats milk I had lunch and
I have made myself my chai latte joy
I've really been loving chai lattes
recently but I always find that they're
way too sweet when I get them at coaster
I still like them and I even still got
them but they're very very sweet I
prefer making at home because not only
is it way cheaper it's nicer
it's the perfect sweetness with my chai
latte I'm also going to carve one of my
favorite bits these are the goodies
gingerbread man as you can see the lack
of sleep was yes kind of making me a
little bit delirious but also those
gingerbread men are worth getting
excited about um so then I just got back
to work on that extension si I'm writing
and I truly was really enjoying doing
this it was really good fun
[Music]
I just finished that plan very very
happy I'm not gonna do any more work on
this the rest the day I didn't think I'm
not sure what I'm gonna do now I'm not
as tired as I was and I kind of want to
go outside and exercise but I am so so
cold I don't think I can stand go
outside I would not sure what I'm gonna
do I might choose a new book because I
don't have a book to read in the moment
I think I'm gonna read this Ian McEwan
but I can get it out oh well the fonts
heat I haven't checked in for a while
I'm sorry about that
basically Martha and I have decided that
we're gonna film this video that she's
wanted to do for such a long time which
is basically where we swap styles and
we've got to choose three outfits while
we do three outfits for each other
because our styles are extremely
different Martha should we compare what
we're wearing today this is what
Martha's wearing today yeah yeah check
out Martha's video when it's up I will
leave it link down below in the
description okay so I film with Martha
then I went through and made some edits
to my creative writing piece which is a
summative assessment that I am
submitting next week so I went through
did some research for that I also
finished editing a video and just got
the file sent over like the files now
uploading to you my hard drive so I can
upload it to YouTube as you can see I
decided to go outside so I just
practiced doing some gymnastics moves
and also you can see that Lola was
really annoying our neighbors dog idea
that poor poor dog having modem bounding
around she was acting like such a puppy
and this evening was also so pretty it
actually had warmed up a little bit by
no it was nice so then I also went on
the trampoline I go on the trampoline
every single day without fail and I love
to practice tricks so
back limber there this second back then
though I'm really badly as you can see
but practice makes perfect
[Music]
I also recently learnt how to do this
like bentback straight leg to flip which
I'm enjoying doing Lola was yes and
you're annoying this dog for the whole
entirety of my exercise quote-unquote
session so it's very cutely it's
currently 9 p.m. and I read some of my
book before dinner it's really good I'm
really liking it and then after dinner I
basically came up to my room got into
bed and watch The Simpsons so really not
a very productive way to than my evening
I did a tiny bit of editing but really
not enough for me to warrant even
mentioning it I mainly watch The
Simpsons and I don't regret that in the
slightest because I do love the show
it's my favorite show
I watched some old episodes my favorite
seasons are definitely seasons 2 til 12
and I also really liked seasons 22 23
and 24 I thought they were quite good
seasons so I watched a few very old
episodes now I'm gonna go have a shower
I know I had a shower this morning but I
do need to wash my hair then I'm going
to get into bed probably read for
another 20 minutes and then go to sleep
because I'm actually not as tired as I
thought I would be at this point I was
expecting myself to go to bed at 7
o'clock but it's 9:00 and I don't really
feel exhausted like I probably could
stay up for another 6 or 7 hours if I
wanted to but I'm not going to using
that silly
I do think I look tired though like
looking at my eyes they're very red so
yes thank you so much for tuning in to
this day in my life video I hope that
you enjoyed watching it and I hope that
you have a wonderful day and a
productive week
[Music]